[Music]
most of us believe that there's no
natural cure for a double chin chubby
cheeks and wrinkles well you're in for a
big surprise then cuz face yoga can
easily make your features flawless you
just have to do these simple but highly
effective exercises improving your blood
circulation before you even begin your
face yoga you have to get the blood
going it's like a little warm-up for
your face so before you start the
exercises please the pulse of your hands
on your temples and close your eyes now
stretch the skin of your forehead to the
sides just slightly and stick your
tongue out as far as you can stay in
this position inhaling through your nose
and exhaling through your mouth for a
couple of seconds and let go continue to
do so for about 30 seconds and your face
is ready for the ultimate transformation
sculpting your jaw line why who's makeup
to contour a perfect jaw line when you
can easily sculpt one it only takes one
simple exercise that should be repeated
every single day first off you should
place the palms of your hand on both
sides of your chin just along your jaw
line then slightly push your chin upward
creating resistance in your neck muscles
and don't forget to keep your head
straight hold this position for a couple
of seconds and release doing this at
least 10 to 15 times a day
will make your jaw line way more defined
just try and see tightening your chin
having a gorgeous jawline is impossible
without a tight chin so here's another
face yoga exercise you should definitely
check out place your index and middle
fingers on your cheek right next to your
notes slightly open your mouth and curl
your lower lip inward toward your teeth
from this position try to smile as wide
as you possibly can keeping your lower
lip in place you can also make the
exercise expert challenging and curl
your lower lip inward more
the stretch in your chin be careful
though and drop the exercise immediately
at any sign of pain strengthening your
cheeks now let's move right along to
your cheeks to make them look good and
get more defined cheekbones you have to
work on your face muscles and this next
exercise can take care of it start with
placing the index middle and ring
fingers of your right hand on your mouth
and the palm of your left hand on your
left cheek from here take a deep breath
through your nose and try to puff air
into your cheeks all while keeping your
mouth closed and pressing on your left
cheek hold it for two to three seconds
and let go this is a complex exercise so
make sure to do it about 10 times for
each side of your face keep it gentle
and stop the exercise right away if you
feel any pain or discomfort relaxing
your eye muscles now if your cheeks need
strengthening to look awesome your eyes
just need some time to relax you can
also use this exercise to get rid of
dark circles and make your eyes look
fresh after a sleepless night so place
your fingers above and below your eyes
making a v-shape your eye should be
between your middle and ring fingers
with your index and middle fingers on
your eyebrows and your ring in little
fingers right below your eyes from here
gently stretch the skin around your eyes
up and down with your fingers freeze for
a sec and return back to the starting
position repeat the exercise like this
for no more than 30 seconds and you're
all set
sharpening your nose a nose job is one
of the most popular surgeries all around
the world but in reality you don't
really have to go under the knife to
improve the shape of your nose instead
do this exercise make loose fists with
your hands and place them above your
upper lip your index finger should be
right below your nostrils
start to gently stretch the skin under
your nose down hold it for a moment and
dip back to the initial position as
always do the same thing for 30 seconds
straight to finish the exercise of
course he won't seem mind-blowing
results right away but a tiny bit of
patience and you'll notice your nose
transforming removing wrinkles around
your mouth wrinkles around the mouth
aren't that easy to get rid of these
suckers know how to stand their ground
the only thing that can change your look
is cosmetic procedures or this face yoga
exercise if you want to try it out place
the palms of your hands on your cheeks
with your fingers pointing behind you
open your mouth and put the tip of your
tongue on your palate then carefully
stretch the skin around your nose at the
side all while pushing your tongue to
warn your palate I know this is not a
good look but you should do it for about
30 seconds I promise the results are
worth it reducing your forehead wrinkles
while we're on the topic of wrinkles you
shouldn't forget about the ones on your
forehead we all have them but thankfully
the aren't that hard to get rid of
either all you have to do is place the
palms of your hands on your temples and
gently push your hands toward your scalp
line if you do everything correctly and
feel a stretch in your forehead and a
little bit under your eyes
repeat this for 20 to 30 seconds tops
and enjoy your brand-new youthful look
preventing sagging eyelids face yoga is
good not only at dealing with your
insecurities but also at preventing them
from appearing now I don't know what's
on the top of your list but mine is
certainly sagging eyelids and this
exercise really helps me out
place the tips of your index middle and
ring fingers on your eyebrows and close
your eyes push your eyebrows up till you
feel a gentle stretch in the area above
your eyelids and
and go back to the initial position
continue doing the same thing for around
30 seconds and the face yoga routine is
complete now before you try the whole
routine out there are a couple more
things you need to know the best time
for face yoga is the morning hours right
after you wake up this tones your
muscles and reduces puffiness from the
night before so wash your face as always
apply your moisturizer and go on with
your face exercises don't forget that
your skin should be treated gently if
you perform the exercises too harshly
you can get bruises
so no additional force and finally
patience this face yoga can work wonders
but it's completely natural which means
that it won't be quick your job is to do
it regularly and thoroughly and your
face will follow do you know any other
simple effective facial exercises sound
off in the comments below don't forget
to give this video a like and share it
with your friends and here are some more
cool videos to check out from the bright
side of life